Dear Wellington, this tutorial shows how to train your models and optimize locations using the proxy models. I have included two files named MLP first-period, MLP second-period. You can use this file to train your MLP models which are the proxy models and will be used in optimization. In this line you should set your working directory. Pass to the folder containing the codes and files. Also there are two CSV files included in the files I've sent you. First-period.csp contains the data including the locations, game-matiable production and permutations for the first period. Also in this line you should set the pass to your folder which contains the permutations. Then for the first period we create a variable named terms which is non-py array with 7500 samples and each sample is a tensor of 60 by 60. For each 2500 runs we use only one realization. So the first 2500 runs uses the first parameter. The second 2500 runs uses the second parameter realization. So we set the first 2500 entries of terms equal to the first realization. This is done in this block of code. Then we normalize the value as well as the maximum priority value. This only shows the 4000th sample from the terms variable. In this block we drop COP and PIRM from data and take the rest as input. So the locations are input. But COP is our output so we should not encode it in our input. And our output is Y which is the COP column from data and it is also divided by the maximum value of COP to normalize data. And also we drop PIRM because in CSV5 the column named PIRM only shows the number of parameters which is used for that simulation. And we have loaded them here. And in this block we find the outliers using the ZScore. We use stats module from sci-pi library and we have ZScore and those values with ZScore smaller than minus 3 and bigger than 3 will be deleted for removal. So we find their indices here and drop those values from X and Y. Also we drop corresponding parameter realizations in this line. And here we split data to training validation and testing data. Also we do so for parameter realizations. And in the end we standardize the values. We standardize the inputs. We have already normalized the output earlier this line. But for inputs we use standardization. If you have already standardized your data in a previous session so you can save your scalar and then load it again. But it is not necessary because we have used a fixed random state so every time you split data and scale them you end up with the same values. Two functions are defined here. The first one calculates the R2 R2 score for your predictions. And the second one is a schedule for learning rate. Every 50 epochs the learning rate is multiplied by 0.8. This is useful for training. It makes the training better. In this section we create the model which includes the dense layers and also convolution layers. The convolutional branch receives the parameter realizations but the dense branches receive the locations. So we have two inputs. Input 1 and input 2. Input 1 has the shape of X and input 2 has the shape of pairs. Then the output of two branches are concatenated here and in the end another dense layer is added with only one neuron which gives us the output. And we compile our model and if there is already a trained model you can load it here. And if there is not a trained model you can train it here and save it here. The next blocks only show the last curve, the convergence curve which includes the training loss and validation loss for your model. And here we only make predictions on the training and testing data and collect them on cross-blots. The cross-blots include the actual and predicted COP values. And in the last block you save your predictions for next uses. Just remember you must save your trained model which will be used in the optimization loop. And here we have not defined the load model, I should import it here. And for the second period the procedure is the same, you should only enter the name of the file containing the locations and the COP values for the second period. Other parts are the same and there is only another difference. For the second period I have used 256 neurons in the first layer but in the first period it is 16 neurons. And also the name of the files to save your model are different. For example last period 2, history period 2 and your model. In the optimization file, you set your working directory and import your libraries. Here we had objective function. In direct optimization we have objective function. Now we have objective function proxy. So you should import this which is already down here. So I have included objective function file for you which is here. So the only thing you should change in optimization file is this. In objecting function proxy you should also set your directory here to main directory. And here you must load your trained model for the second period. You should first train an MLP using these codes. Save the model, the trained model and in optimization you use those models to make predictions for you. The role of these models, trained models is that they receive the inputs which are the locations and permittory calculations and make predictions. They predict COP. And also you should load the scaler. When you train the MLP you should save your scaler. I have done it for you. I have included the scalers I have used here. But you can use your own scaler. Just uncomment these lines and run your code. The scaler is required because the input values, the input parameters used to train the models were scaled using the scalar, standard scalar. So when you receive X and permittories you must scale them and then feed them to the MLP model to make predictions. You also need the realizations. Because for each model, for each location you evaluate the COP value on three realizations. Because we have three realizations we have set this to three. If you have more realizations you can change this. If you have ten realizations you can change this to ten. So we read all parent realizations here. And we have a maximum permittivity value set to 3500. You can change this based on the permittivity realizations you have. Also we have a maximum COP based on the simulations we have done. You can change these values. We divide the permittivity values by maximum permittivity. We build our input, which is an umpire array, including the input parameters. Each list includes the real locations of two reals. Solution zero, solution one correspond to the X and Y of the first real. Solution two and solution three correspond to the location of the second real. For each period we optimize the location of only two reals. In the first period we optimize the location of one in JFTRI1 per user. And in the second period we fix the location of those reals and optimize the location of another two reals. So why we have three of them here? Because we have three realizations. So if you have ten realizations you can increase this to ten. But the locations are the same. We don't change the location over realizations. We evaluate the same locations on three realizations or ten realizations. And we subtract one from X because the values should be changed to zero indexed. And we convert X to a data frame and give it to our scaler. We have already loaded here. We give it to our scaler to standardize our inputs. And give X tests and perms to our model to predict the COP. So now we have predictions. We calculate their mean and multiply it by max COP. Now our optimization is set up and we can run it. If you run this file, the optimization will be a progress. Also I have included some results and figures for you. You can run the files to generate your own results. If you have any questions, don't hesitate to ask in email. --> Text length need to be between 0 and 5000 characters